Kitchen
-,Oven Room,Warehouse,Cooling Space,-,-
You enter the kitchen, the place where you make your precious recipes. It's the cleanest place of all.
Unfortunately the required ingredients are not there, but some place else. There are three doors available.
END
Cooling Space
-,Kitchen,-,Transport Platform,-,-
You enter the cooling room, it's pretty cold in there as you might think. The corners are pretty dirty,
because you never try to clean there. There are no more new doors here, only the kitchen door.
END
Oven Room
-,Trap Room,-,Kitchen,Recipes Room,-
You enter the oven room, it smells like al of your recipes combined. It's real dirty here, you always forget
to clean this place. There is a ladder going up. It feels unstable, but you always you use it anyway.
END
Recipes Room
-,Break Room,-,-,-,Oven Room
You enter the recipes room, where you have the book of recipes stored as usual. Today it's not there along
with the ingredients. You see that the window is open, which was supposed to closed. Nothing new except going
down the ladder.
END
Warehouse
Kitchen,-,-,-,-,Basement
You enter the warehouse, the place where you store everything you have. If something is out of stock,
you'll find it most likely in here. You see the stock ic currently very low. There is one old, locked door in here
leading downstairs.
END
Basement
-,-,-,-,Warehouse,-
You enter the basement, a dark and creepy place. You hate going in here, but you are on a mission searching for
your stuff. There's a light switch, but sadly it's doesn't work. Luckliy you see just enough in order to search
the place.
END
Transport Platform
-,Cooling Space,-,-,-,-
You step onto the transport platform and look around. There is not much to see except for a couple parking spots for trucks
and some trolleys to move stuff around.
END
Hallway
-,-,-,Trap Room,Break Room,-
You go into the hallway. Most of the time it's used as semi-storage area when people need quick access to some
machinery, there are also the stairs leading up to the break room.
END
Break Room
-,-,-,Recipes Room,-,Hallway
You step into the break room, there is an espresso machine and a kettle. There is also a large table with chairs
where multiple people can go and sit on it.
END
Trap Room
-,Hallway,-,Oven Room,-,-
Oh no! There is a blackhole sucking you in it... It brings you to a random room...
END